Australia like so many other countries
has seen an influx of hot money to buy
real estate land and resources the
people of Australia have been happy to
see that their real estate values have
gone up so that they can use it like a
bank account the only issue is when a
small change can cause a massive
disruption you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we're going to look at Australia it's
been such a long time since I've done a
video about them here we go I also want
to touch on a few points later on now
the more affluent households are in
dangerous territory and it is often
because the amount of debt that they
have taken on this is not me saying this
but it's something that I say all the
time people are in the most amount of
debt that they have ever been
student loans you're seeing credit card
debt you're seeing
mortgages every single which way
possible that has been increasing those
with larger mortgages are more impacted
by rate rises if and when they occur of
course deep reserves of wealth can
insulate people from interest rate rises
but it will be hard to tell who is truly
wealthy and they're saying look you can
get a mortgage buy yourself a car and a
home but it's that that's all it is now
I want to show you this here $100 is the
tipping point for 57% of mortgage
holders that is staggering a staggering
57 percent of mortgage holders could not
handle a $100 increase in their loan
repayments according to this research
that's equivalent to an interest rate
rise of just 0.45% based on the national
average mortgage a three hundred sixty
thousand dollars
think about that when just under half a
percentage point so you've seen the
Federal Reserve sort of notch their way
up slowly but surely going up it's taken
several years to do so and just two
steps would be enough just two steps one
hundred dollars what does that say about
the amount of money that people have to
me that shows that they have very little
they live paycheck to paycheck and a 100
dollar difference is going to break the
bank insane now I just brought this up
here if anybody is in Australia they
want to give me the lowdown here but
basically what we're seeing here the
advertised rates it's probably fairly
reasonable anyway when you look at for
example a fixed five-year around three
point five right so it wouldn't take
much to get that to four percent that's
the way I look at it three point five
percent if it comes up to four percent
you're going to have
a major catastrophe in Australia it's no
different than what's happening in
Canada it's no different than what we
see elsewhere I'm just pointing it out
for Australia right now everyone needs
to get control of the amount of debt
that they have this is a very big
mistake and people are making it every
single day those in Australia I just
want to finish by saying be careful with
variable rates on your mortgages lock in
for a long period of time if you can and
pay that down I assure you do not hold
on to this type of debt we don't know
what's happening all right flying across
the pond
America's disappearing workforce
percentage point change in the US labor
force participation rates from 97 to
2017 it looks to me like there is a big
problem and you can see that when you
just look at this
in general the US labor force
participation rate it is something that
has been over the last 40 years looking
worse and worse there's been a little
uptick I believe but you know when you
look at it over a 40-year period it's
just insane regardless people that are
you know with the youth youth or or
let's say the Millennial Generation they
aren't doing well they are not going to
be able to afford the things that they
need this is very evident you could pull
charts from any country
all right Citigroup
everyone loves them and they're guilty
of trying to bring back C D O's now
these are not just regular cdo's they're
synthetic CEOs they're the polyester of
CEOs they're the acrylic of CDO all
right what underlies these assets well I
can just show you this if I just spend a
moment here chat with you
CEOs are very important to the financial
industry because you don't need to have
a single thing behind them
you don't need an asset
you don't need gold and silver don't eat
anything this is what backs our
financial system this is not being silly
this is me trying to make a statement
that nothing is behind it and this is a
fraud the CDO is the worst of the worst
and they have been bringing it back
online and it is a disaster waiting to
happen
you cannot have something created out of
thin air and then take CDOs and then
make CDO squared CDO cubed literally of
whole bunch of these stuck into one so
now you have a diversified bunch of
garbage that's what you're looking at
diversified garbage derivatives all
right
JPMorgan City Goldman Sachs right now
Wow certainly they've claimed anyway
that JPMorgan has reduced the amount of
derivatives they have whatever we are
talking about an amount that's just it's
so absurd I had three zeros on the end
of this I don't know why they just
didn't put the zeros on here but anyway
look at this number
look at how ridiculous this is it's not
even realistic this is more than the
whole world practically one company one
company holds the power to bring it
everything down JP Morgan you know what
they're doing with the markets they're
going in the same direction apparently
as their garbage absolutely garbage
derivatives under the counter look at
this I've shown you way before but
essentially globally we are witnessing
central bank's printing more money than
they ever have in history they have gone
to the most extreme lengths possible to
allow this bull market which is going on
in the stocks to continue looking at
this 110,000 what the average family of
three needs to earn to afford Obama care
in 2018 that's right these prices have
been rising and rising and rising and as
a result you've seen GDP at 3 percent
3% GDP I don't believe it for a second
but I know what is certainly
contributing to it and that is Obamacare
guess what
they didn't repeal it it's here to stay
last but not least meet Rex
he's the robot that is slowly replacing
human real estate agents in markets like
California and New York if you're not a
very good agent you're going to have
problems competing against the robot but
if you're good you still have a job I'll
ask for the majority of real estate
agents you're screwed and everyone else
that's left those very small few people
you'll still have a job
robots are eliminating jobs surely
they're creating some as a result but
the purpose of them is to eliminate jobs
that's the whole thing whatever a
company brings in some sort of
automation they're always doing it to
increase productivity and what that
means is basically firing people so
that's what they're doing here that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through these
books at Amazon there are links in the
description below take care